{'rProfileName': 'PT Cruiser', 'rDate': 'Reviewed in the United States on November 4, 2017', 'rData': 'We purchased our first Echo in November of 2014, 3 years ago this month. She was the hit of our Thanksgiving dinner celebration that year but could do only a fraction of what she is capable of today. We added smart bulbs like the Philips Hue white and colored bulbs, GE Link and TP Link bulbs, smart plugs, smart wall switches, and smart device timers. We added them over the years as they became available on Amazon. (And on sale!) We had to purchase hubs to run the Philips and GE bulbs when we first started adding bulbs. The 1st Gen Philips hub worked well for about a year and then started having problems with disconnecting from the network and not playing nice with Alexa. Philips finally replaced it under warranty. The Wink hub which controlled the GE bulbs has always worked flawlessly. But whenever we changed our network password, we had to go around and reset all the bulbs, often having to re-register some of them and then go into the Alexa app and have her rediscover them. Perhaps not a big deal when you’re only using a couple bulbs, but a real time waster when almost every bulb in a large 2 story house is a smart bulb.\n\nThis Echo Plus allowed me to disconnect the hubs and control everything with Alexa alone. She didn’t discover the bulbs right away. I had to go in and deregister them from their hubs and then rediscover them and add them to the Plus. But now they work flawlessly. Let me tell you how I did that. In your Alexa app, click on the little menu thingie in the upper left hand corner which will open a drop down menu. Select Smart Home from the menu. You’ll see a page showing devices, groups and scenes. Click on the little ? In the upper right hand corner. This will open a page with instructions and clickable commands for deregistering a list of different devices from their hubs and having Alexa discover and connect them to the Echo Plus. It’s a little bit of a pain to have to go around and get serial numbers off the bulbs or turn others on and off, but you only have to do it once, then Alexa has them. And it isn’t difficult. No more running upstairs to push the button on the Philips hub to get bulbs to respond. No more extra hubs sitting around consuming electricity. And no more dealing with the clunky Philips Hue app (If you don’t believe me, go read the reviews for that app.)\n\nNow that everything is connected through Alexa, I have set up Routines to turn a few of our lights on and off and specified times. (Voice commands can still be used to override a routine and they don’t interfere with your routine the next time it is scheduled.) I can also turn them on and off remotely from the Alexa app. I have a routine set for our kitchen Alexa so that when I say, “Alexa, good morning” she will turn on one of the kitchen smart bulbs at 50% brightness and the other at 100% brightness and read me the local weather report. Our bedroom Alexa has a routine that is triggered when I say “Alexa, start my day”. She turns on one of the lights at 20% and reads my morning news flash. How cool is that? Here’s how you set up a routine:\n\n1. Go to the menu and select "Routines."\n2. Select the + icon.\n\nFrom here, you can specify when Alexa will do something, and what it will do.\n-- Select "When this happens" to pick a scheduled time for the Routine to run, or enter a word or phrase that will activate it.\n-- Select "Add action" to select what the Routine will run. You can add multiple actions, one at a time.\n-- Once you have selected a “cue” and an action, select the device you want the Routine to play on.\n-- Select "Create" to save the routine.\n\nGroups are also a great feature. You can Group your Echo and Dot device’s together in a group, give the group a name, and then tell Alexa, “Play my <Bruno Mars> playlist on my <downstairs> group. She instantly starts to play it on all the devices in the group. You could also play a single song or a radio station like iHeart or Pandora. We have a large family room/kitchen combo with the Plus on a desk about midway in the room and a Dot connected by 3.5mm Cable to a Heos speaker, with excellent sound. We put the two in a group. The sound is amazing! It’s better than stereo, especially with the new Plus. The Plus is slightly stronger on the treble than the 1st Gen Echo. The Heos is strong on bass. They sync perfectly with each other and never miss a beat. BTW, I rarely used the Heos except for parties before we got the Dot because I was so spoiled by controlling music by voice on our Echo. It was much better than using an app to control the Heos. Now the Heos is used all the time since I can use it with Alexa. Grouping with the Plus makes it that much better. We can also add Echos in other rooms to the group, which we do when we have people over. We can now have the same music playing in the living room/dining room as in the family room. They are easily added-or subtracted in the Alexa app.\n\nLike the regular Echo, this Plus can control all of our white bulbs and the the Hue color bulb by voice, including changing the colors to any color I can think of (pink, teal, red, blue, purple, aqua, etc.) dimming to any percentage and on/off and adding them to routines or group. For example, I can say, “Turn on the downstairs lights” and Alexa will turn on every light I’ve added to that group. The Plus controls our smart plugs and switches just like the regular Echo did and we add those to groups as well. Bulbs, switches and plugs can be a part of several different groups. (The group Holiday lights turned on all the LED lighted pumpkins and orange lights on our banisters when we said, “Alexa, turn on the holiday lights.”\n\nWe can also use this Plus like the other Echos, to Drop In on our other rooms. Since we have Echos in just about every room we now have a home intercom system that works beautifully.\n\nWe’ve watched Alexa get smarter and smarter almost weekly, from that first day with her 3 years ago. I have no doubt that she will continue learn new skills to make our lives even easier and more fun. (Did I mention that she can switch our older LG TV to PlayStation Vue streaming through our Amazon Fire TV device and start and pause shows by voice through either the Echos or Fire TV remote? Yeah, we dumped our satellite TV provider and now pay less than half with live and recorded streaming. But that’s for another review!)', 'rAttrib': 'We purchased our first Echo in November of 2014, 3 years ago this month. She was the hit of our Thanksgiving dinner celebration that year but could do only a fraction of what she is capable of today. We added smart bulbs like the Philips Hue white and colored bulbs, GE Link and TP Link bulbs, smart plugs, smart wall switches, and smart device timers. We added them over the years as they became available on Amazon. (And on sale!) We had to purchase hubs to run the Philips and GE bulbs when we first started adding bulbs. The 1st Gen Philips hub worked well for about a year and then started having problems with disconnecting from the network and not playing nice with Alexa. Philips finally replaced it under warranty. The Wink hub which controlled the GE bulbs has always worked flawlessly. But whenever we changed our network password, we had to go around and reset all the bulbs, often having to re-register some of them and then go into the Alexa app and have her rediscover them. Perhaps not a big deal when you’re only using a couple bulbs, but a real time waster when almost every bulb in a large 2 story house is a smart bulb.\n\nThis Echo Plus allowed me to disconnect the hubs and control everything with Alexa alone. She didn’t discover the bulbs right away. I had to go in and deregister them from their hubs and then rediscover them and add them to the Plus. But now they work flawlessly. Let me tell you how I did that. In your Alexa app, click on the little menu thingie in the upper left hand corner which will open a drop down menu. Select Smart Home from the menu. You’ll see a page showing devices, groups and scenes. Click on the little ? In the upper right hand corner. This will open a page with instructions and clickable commands for deregistering a list of different devices from their hubs and having Alexa discover and connect them to the Echo Plus. It’s a little bit of a pain to have to go around and get serial numbers off the bulbs or turn others on and off, but you only have to do it once, then Alexa has them. And it isn’t difficult. No more running upstairs to push the button on the Philips hub to get bulbs to respond. No more extra hubs sitting around consuming electricity. And no more dealing with the clunky Philips Hue app (If you don’t believe me, go read the reviews for that app.)\n\nNow that everything is connected through Alexa, I have set up Routines to turn a few of our lights on and off and specified times. (Voice commands can still be used to override a routine and they don’t interfere with your routine the next time it is scheduled.) I can also turn them on and off remotely from the Alexa app. I have a routine set for our kitchen Alexa so that when I say, “Alexa, good morning” she will turn on one of the kitchen smart bulbs at 50% brightness and the other at 100% brightness and read me the local weather report. Our bedroom Alexa has a routine that is triggered when I say “Alexa, start my day”. She turns on one of the lights at 20% and reads my morning news flash. How cool is that? Here’s how you set up a routine:\n\n1. Go to the menu and select "Routines."\n2. Select the + icon.\n\nFrom here, you can specify when Alexa will do something, and what it will do.\n-- Select "When this happens" to pick a scheduled time for the Routine to run, or enter a word or phrase that will activate it.\n-- Select "Add action" to select what the Routine will run. You can add multiple actions, one at a time.\n-- Once you have selected a “cue” and an action, select the device you want the Routine to play on.\n-- Select "Create" to save the routine.\n\nGroups are also a great feature. You can Group your Echo and Dot device’s together in a group, give the group a name, and then tell Alexa, “Play my <Bruno Mars> playlist on my <downstairs> group. She instantly starts to play it on all the devices in the group. You could also play a single song or a radio station like iHeart or Pandora. We have a large family room/kitchen combo with the Plus on a desk about midway in the room and a Dot connected by 3.5mm Cable to a Heos speaker, with excellent sound. We put the two in a group. The sound is amazing! It’s better than stereo, especially with the new Plus. The Plus is slightly stronger on the treble than the 1st Gen Echo. The Heos is strong on bass. They sync perfectly with each other and never miss a beat. BTW, I rarely used the Heos except for parties before we got the Dot because I was so spoiled by controlling music by voice on our Echo. It was much better than using an app to control the Heos. Now the Heos is used all the time since I can use it with Alexa. Grouping with the Plus makes it that much better. We can also add Echos in other rooms to the group, which we do when we have people over. We can now have the same music playing in the living room/dining room as in the family room. They are easily added-or subtracted in the Alexa app.\n\nLike the regular Echo, this Plus can control all of our white bulbs and the the Hue color bulb by voice, including changing the colors to any color I can think of (pink, teal, red, blue, purple, aqua, etc.) dimming to any percentage and on/off and adding them to routines or group. For example, I can say, “Turn on the downstairs lights” and Alexa will turn on every light I’ve added to that group. The Plus controls our smart plugs and switches just like the regular Echo did and we add those to groups as well. Bulbs, switches and plugs can be a part of several different groups. (The group Holiday lights turned on all the LED lighted pumpkins and orange lights on our banisters when we said, “Alexa, turn on the holiday lights.”\n\nWe can also use this Plus like the other Echos, to Drop In on our other rooms. Since we have Echos in just about every room we now have a home intercom system that works beautifully.\n\nWe’ve watched Alexa get smarter and smarter almost weekly, from that first day with her 3 years ago. I have no doubt that she will continue learn new skills to make our lives even easier and more fun. (Did I mention that she can switch our older LG TV to PlayStation Vue streaming through our Amazon Fire TV device and start and pause shows by voice through either the Echos or Fire TV remote? Yeah, we dumped our satellite TV provider and now pay less than half with live and recorded streaming. But that’s for another review!)'} *** 
{'rProfileName': 'Stephanie Sullivan', 'rDate': 'Reviewed in the United States on October 11, 2018', 'rData': "The Echo Plus Gen 1 is a great addition to my smart home. It gives me all my original Echo provides plus lets me eliminate my Philips Hue hub and works with all my other Z-wave devices. The Gen-1 form factor is almost identical to the original Echo but with a faster processor and integrated hub. Nice!\n\nI love my Echo/Alexa. Voice control of my smart home and other Amazon devices plus response to information requests (what's new, etc.) and nearly endless entertainment options have made this an integral part of my home life. As an early adopter of the original gen-1 Echo I have been very impressed by how Amazon continues to improve existing operation, add new features and new capabilities.\n\nI got my first Echo in March 2015. Since then I've seen a lot of new capabilities added:\n+ A constant integration of more services like Pandora, traffic and Amazon Radio stations\n+ Connected home control now with the integrated Z-Wave device hub and control of WiFI smart home devices like those from Belkin and TP-Link.\n+ integration with IFTTT (if this then that) service for triggers and actions\n+ integration popular services like Google Calendar and much more\n+ integrated Amazon purchase/ordering\n\nThe list keeps growing. It's part of the beauty of a product that's mostly in the Amazon cloud. New features and capabilities are not dependent solely upon the computing and storage of the Echo device itself.\n\nThe Echo is also a very nice bluetooth speaker. It pairs readily with multiple devices - phone, computer and even my Amazon Fire TV so it can provide an enhanced audio experience. With some devices control of tracks can controlled by voice like skip or repeat, etc.\n\nAnother essential part of the Echo is the FREE Amazon Echo App . I have it installed on my Kindle Fire HD 8.9in and on my iPhone 6. This provides simple setup and configuration of services and integration with supported connected home devices. It also provides the mobile part of the todo and shopping lists.\n\nThe Echo has been a game changer for my home experience. This Echo Plus even more so. It's the closest thing I've used to a computer you can just speak to and be understood - like on the old Star Trek series. I wonder how I lived without it!\n\nI gotta give the Echo Plus 5 stars. Not just for how good it is but in anticipation of all the new things that will surely will come along soon.", 'rAttrib': "The Echo Plus Gen 1 is a great addition to my smart home. It gives me all my original Echo provides plus lets me eliminate my Philips Hue hub and works with all my other Z-wave devices. The Gen-1 form factor is almost identical to the original Echo but with a faster processor and integrated hub. Nice!\n\nI love my Echo/Alexa. Voice control of my smart home and other Amazon devices plus response to information requests (what's new, etc.) and nearly endless entertainment options have made this an integral part of my home life. As an early adopter of the original gen-1 Echo I have been very impressed by how Amazon continues to improve existing operation, add new features and new capabilities.\n\nI got my first Echo in March 2015. Since then I've seen a lot of new capabilities added:\n+ A constant integration of more services like Pandora, traffic and Amazon Radio stations\n+ Connected home control now with the integrated Z-Wave device hub and control of WiFI smart home devices like those from Belkin and TP-Link.\n+ integration with IFTTT (if this then that) service for triggers and actions\n+ integration popular services like Google Calendar and much more\n+ integrated Amazon purchase/ordering\n\nThe list keeps growing. It's part of the beauty of a product that's mostly in the Amazon cloud. New features and capabilities are not dependent solely upon the computing and storage of the Echo device itself.\n\nThe Echo is also a very nice bluetooth speaker. It pairs readily with multiple devices - phone, computer and even my Amazon Fire TV so it can provide an enhanced audio experience. With some devices control of tracks can controlled by voice like skip or repeat, etc.\n\nAnother essential part of the Echo is the FREE Amazon Echo App . I have it installed on my Kindle Fire HD 8.9in and on my iPhone 6. This provides simple setup and configuration of services and integration with supported connected home devices. It also provides the mobile part of the todo and shopping lists.\n\nThe Echo has been a game changer for my home experience. This Echo Plus even more so. It's the closest thing I've used to a computer you can just speak to and be understood - like on the old Star Trek series. I wonder how I lived without it!\n\nI gotta give the Echo Plus 5 stars. Not just for how good it is but in anticipation of all the new things that will surely will come along soon."} *** 
{'rProfileName': 'Amazon Customer', 'rDate': 'Reviewed in the United States on August 8, 2024', 'rData': "Bought this in 2017 and keep it in the kitchen. Found it to be really useful for quick cooking questions and the sound quality when listening to music was surprisingly good. The slim size of the appearance makes it great for having it on the counter In the corner. With it still working just like new I'd say it's high quality", 'rAttrib': "Bought this in 2017 and keep it in the kitchen. Found it to be really useful for quick cooking questions and the sound quality when listening to music was surprisingly good. The slim size of the appearance makes it great for having it on the counter In the corner. With it still working just like new I'd say it's high quality"} *** 
{'rProfileName': 'wildwoodla', 'rDate': 'Reviewed in the United States on December 19, 2017', 'rData': 'There are many excellent reviews of the new Echo Plus here, so this review is from the POV of someone with limited connection infrastructure, e.g., very rural area, no internet or cable, only satellite service offered, but no signal due to heavy tree cover, beginner smart home user. I never dreamed an Echo would work for me, much less the Echo Plus or smart home. I broke down & purchased an Echo on Prime Day June, 2017 just to try. I receive my internet service solely through an AT&T Velocity hotspot device, typically with only 1 bar of service. I was so excited that the Echo worked perfectly & decided to go out on another limb, purchasing the Echo Plus w/included Hue bulb on Cyber Monday, as well as a Fire TV Stick, figuring I was really pushing the envelope that any would work. All devices worked perfectly! I now have the meager beginnings of a smart home as well as Alexa functionality. I can\'t tell you how surprised I am! There is an 8-device limit for the hotspot, so wi-fi smart devices are out of the question for me & not sure I have enough signal for any to work anyway. Using the Echo Plus as my only hub, the included Hue bulb connected in seconds, while also tying in with my 1st Echo. So I can use either of the 2 Echos to control the light bulb, connected to a lamp in my living room. What is ideal for my situation is that the Hue bulb does not "count" as a wi-fi device, so does not go toward my device count/limit on the hotspot. Apparently, it is connected directly to the Echo Plus hub. Currently, with one bar of hotspot service, I\'m running the Echo Plus, Echo, Fire tablet, Fire TV Stick & Galaxy Express 3 cell, & every now & then, an Echo Tap--all at one time with excellent results! Everything works as if I have hard wired cable or internet, which is simply amazing. Movies, music, etc. run flawlessly.\nALEXA - I don\'t have a lot of space on my cell, so all I need is the Alexa app to control the bulb when away from home, no need for a separate app AND I already have the Alexa app on my tablet & of course, use Alexa on both Echo\'s & a Tap.\nSMART HOME - The Echo Plus has opened up the smart home market for me. Although it appears limited to the Zigbee IoT protcol, the available choices are varied enough that there are switches, more bulbs, door locks & plugs I\'ll be able to use now. This thing just came out, so as time goes by, I\'m sure more & more skills & IoT stuff will become available. I\'m sure the folks at Amazon will make improvements to capabilities as well. And I can do it all with just 1 Echo Plus - no need for additional hubs or devices with my limited internet!\nSOUND - I found my 1st Echo sound pretty decent. I am by no means an audiophile, but IMHO Echo Plus sound greatly improved over the Echo. Much richer, more robust & MUCH better bass - yay! My 1st Echo sounds "tinny" now, compared to the Echo Plus.\nI am beyond delighted with the performance of the Echo Plus & kudos to Amazon for this "upgrade" to the Echo. I would highly recommend the Echo Plus, especially for those just entering the smart home market with internet challenges. I LOVE MY ECHO PLUS!!!!!', 'rAttrib': 'There are many excellent reviews of the new Echo Plus here, so this review is from the POV of someone with limited connection infrastructure, e.g., very rural area, no internet or cable, only satellite service offered, but no signal due to heavy tree cover, beginner smart home user. I never dreamed an Echo would work for me, much less the Echo Plus or smart home. I broke down & purchased an Echo on Prime Day June, 2017 just to try. I receive my internet service solely through an AT&T Velocity hotspot device, typically with only 1 bar of service. I was so excited that the Echo worked perfectly & decided to go out on another limb, purchasing the Echo Plus w/included Hue bulb on Cyber Monday, as well as a Fire TV Stick, figuring I was really pushing the envelope that any would work. All devices worked perfectly! I now have the meager beginnings of a smart home as well as Alexa functionality. I can\'t tell you how surprised I am! There is an 8-device limit for the hotspot, so wi-fi smart devices are out of the question for me & not sure I have enough signal for any to work anyway. Using the Echo Plus as my only hub, the included Hue bulb connected in seconds, while also tying in with my 1st Echo. So I can use either of the 2 Echos to control the light bulb, connected to a lamp in my living room. What is ideal for my situation is that the Hue bulb does not "count" as a wi-fi device, so does not go toward my device count/limit on the hotspot. Apparently, it is connected directly to the Echo Plus hub. Currently, with one bar of hotspot service, I\'m running the Echo Plus, Echo, Fire tablet, Fire TV Stick & Galaxy Express 3 cell, & every now & then, an Echo Tap--all at one time with excellent results! Everything works as if I have hard wired cable or internet, which is simply amazing. Movies, music, etc. run flawlessly.\nALEXA - I don\'t have a lot of space on my cell, so all I need is the Alexa app to control the bulb when away from home, no need for a separate app AND I already have the Alexa app on my tablet & of course, use Alexa on both Echo\'s & a Tap.\nSMART HOME - The Echo Plus has opened up the smart home market for me. Although it appears limited to the Zigbee IoT protcol, the available choices are varied enough that there are switches, more bulbs, door locks & plugs I\'ll be able to use now. This thing just came out, so as time goes by, I\'m sure more & more skills & IoT stuff will become available. I\'m sure the folks at Amazon will make improvements to capabilities as well. And I can do it all with just 1 Echo Plus - no need for additional hubs or devices with my limited internet!\nSOUND - I found my 1st Echo sound pretty decent. I am by no means an audiophile, but IMHO Echo Plus sound greatly improved over the Echo. Much richer, more robust & MUCH better bass - yay! My 1st Echo sounds "tinny" now, compared to the Echo Plus.\nI am beyond delighted with the performance of the Echo Plus & kudos to Amazon for this "upgrade" to the Echo. I would highly recommend the Echo Plus, especially for those just entering the smart home market with internet challenges. I LOVE MY ECHO PLUS!!!!!'} *** 
{'rProfileName': 'Troy', 'rDate': 'Reviewed in the United States on November 2, 2017', 'rData': 'When I saw Amazon had chosen to put a ZigBee hub in an Echo, I was excited. When I saw they were adding easy setup and a wealth of smart home features to the Alexa App, I did not hesitate, I pre-ordered the Echo Plus, and I am glad I did.\n\nFirst up, is unpacking and configuration. The box seemed difficult to get into, I wasn\'t sure which side was the top, and if it opened like a jewelry box or not, so I just ripped it open. That was the most complicated part of configuring the Echo Plus. Seriously, you plug it in, the ring does its hypnotic, “you will buy everything on Amazon” dance until the device shows up in your Alexa App. You follow the prompts and tap and go.\n\nThe first thing I did after configuring was ask Alexa to play a Bob Dylan radio station. I have a Big Jambox as my around the house and yard speaker. The Jambox is so good, I never looked for another Bluetooth speaker, so it, and my giant Polk RTI A9 towers are my reference for the Echo Plus. I was initially disappointed. Bob sounded like he was playing on my bedside clock/radio, but it was an old track. My go-to test song for audio systems is Finally Woken by Jem. The Echo Plus did an adequate job with the bass. It plays loud, which seems to be how it overcomes its shortcomings. It actually sounds better when I am in an adjoining room. I blame the Bose tweaking. Given time to loosen-up, it will be a good enough speaker, better than the Big Jambox. If someone gets clever and joins a subwoofer to the Echo Plus, maybe through the audio out port, it could be a really good three-way setup. But I didn\'t buy the Echo Plus for the audio.\n\nI have been a smart home enthusiast since the early 90s. What? Yea, way back in the dark ages a system called X10 did most of what you can do now. You had to set dials on the plugs to assign them to buttons on the remote. You could make scenes by grouping switches to special buttons on the remote and they even had a universal remote that you could train to your TV and VCR. My system had door sensors, a siren, and a dialer to call me if something happened at home. My lights were on timers set through the remote, or dials on the "smart" plugs. It all worked without an internet connection or intrusive account signup.\n\nFast forward fifteen years and not much changed, so I tried the Piper. A security camera as a hub matched my security focused X10 past, and Z-Wave looked like a successor to X10. The piper has been acceptable, but is retired as a smart home hub as of today.\n\nNext up was the Nest. The “learning when I am home and away” feature had promise. I imagined a world where my smarty-pants thermostat would turn on lights and unlock doors for me when I arrived home. But, the “Works with Nest” never bore fruit. An endless array of devices promised to tell Nest I was home, but not the other way around. When the Nest (after working fine for eight months) put my HVAC into an endless restart mode on the coldest day of the year, I decided the Nest was an idiot and replaced it with my old “smart” thermostats that had worked fine for a decade.\n\nThe last four years have seen an endless amount of smart home announcements with promise, but few actual products that didn’t come with lots of baggage. The biggest bag being a dedicated hub, and the carry-on (so to speak) application and dedicated account to control that device. I didn\'t want to go down that road, so I have waited and watched while my Piper faithfully managed the table lamps I have plugged into the two Z-Wave plugs that came with it. If I had acted on my impulses, I would have at least three hubs and five applications for my “smart” home, and to make it all work together I would need yet-another-account on IFTTT. The DIP switches and dials of X10 were friendly by comparison. (If your $200 smart home product needs a third party service to make it smart, your product is not worth $200).\n\nBack to the Echo Plus. By the time I had removed a Z-Wave plug from a table lamp and screwed in my new Hue bulb, Alexa informed me I had a software update. The Echo Plus rebooted itself and I said, “Alexa, find smart home devices.” Forty seconds later the Hue bulb was working through voice commands given to the new Echo Plus or my Dot in another room.\n\nAs an experiment, I moved the bulb to different lamps around the house to see if losing power would force me to set it up again. It did not.\n\nWhen you configure devices Alexa names them in a simple “light 1”, “light 2” manner. You must change the names in the Alexa application to make them more meaningful. Once you do, Alexa understands the new name.\n\nThe Groups and Scenes features are tabs on the same screen with Devices. Once you have a few devices configured, (I recommend doing one at a time so you can name them as you go) you can group them to work with a single command. I don\'t have to say “Alexa, turn on entry light,” then “Alexa turn on fireplace light,” to light my living room. After making the Living Room group I can say “Alexa turn on the Living Room.”\n\nRoutines are on a different screen in the Alexa App. Go to Settings to find it. This was the first hiccup in my experience. I wanted to configure a “bed time” routine, but the lights action said, “turn on” the light and I did not see an obvious way to turn the light off. Turns out, you just tap the light bulb icon to switch the mode to off. Now I am happy. When I say, “Alexa bed time,” I get the current temperature, and my assigned lights turn off. Perfect.\n\nI have seen reviewers complaining that you cannot control color temperature of lights with the Alexa App. Of course the same reviewers practically fell out of their shorts when Alexa skills allowed you to say things like "Alexa, tell Nest to set the temperature to 72." True, you can\'t do everything the Hue App does, but to get Hue App like control, I would need to add a Hue hub. No, just No. AND, who wants to pay $40 for a light bulb when you can get them $14 (4 dumb LEDs are now $12). Seriously, I paid $19 for my first dumb LED bulb, now I can get two smart bulbs for the same price. If color changing becomes available through the Alexa App later, and I don\'t need another hub, I will consider a color bulb at that time.\n\nWhat about thermostats? Well, my thermostats are fifteen years old. They have a weekday and weekend schedule and have never left me in the cold like the Nest did. Because of my Nest experience, I won\'t buy another “smart” thermostat until I see one available with “Simple setup with Echo Plus.” Ideally one that I don\'t have to create yet-another-account to adjust the temperature in my home.\n\nAnd door locks? OK, I am old. I have been using door locks with ten-key pads on them since I was a teenager. They are a great alternative to carrying a bunch of keys. Especially when it is a long walk back to the workshop with your keys. I don\'t see the advantage of having to pull out my phone to unlock a door. If you are at all security conscience then you would need two smart locks for each door, one for the dead-bolt and one for the door knob (I have not seen an integrated unit yet, if there is one, let me know because I would be interested.) Maybe when a smart door unlocks and opens for me as I approach I will be more excited.\n\nAnd cameras? I don\'t have any, yet. The Piper detects motion and monitors my doors with Z-Wave sensors. It records to the cloud when an alarm has been tripped. It does not require a paid subscription. I will keep it for my security system until I see a better alternative. I have looked at Arlo because I think the best value comes with exterior cameras, but I am concerned with their slow response times. I can imagine ZigBee door sensors triggering alerts and recordings on a linked camera. That would be a less intrusive option than something recording 24/7.\n\nThis is my Smart Home Mantra going forward: A single application to control all my devices, no more hubs, and the ability to use a voice command to configure my new devices. For me, when it comes to the smart home platform, Amazon has a winner on its hands with the Echo Plus. We know from the original Echo experience that Amazon will be aggressive in pushing new features to the Alexa App. I look forward to those updates and the future purchases those updates will enable.', 'rAttrib': 'When I saw Amazon had chosen to put a ZigBee hub in an Echo, I was excited. When I saw they were adding easy setup and a wealth of smart home features to the Alexa App, I did not hesitate, I pre-ordered the Echo Plus, and I am glad I did.\n\nFirst up, is unpacking and configuration. The box seemed difficult to get into, I wasn\'t sure which side was the top, and if it opened like a jewelry box or not, so I just ripped it open. That was the most complicated part of configuring the Echo Plus. Seriously, you plug it in, the ring does its hypnotic, “you will buy everything on Amazon” dance until the device shows up in your Alexa App. You follow the prompts and tap and go.\n\nThe first thing I did after configuring was ask Alexa to play a Bob Dylan radio station. I have a Big Jambox as my around the house and yard speaker. The Jambox is so good, I never looked for another Bluetooth speaker, so it, and my giant Polk RTI A9 towers are my reference for the Echo Plus. I was initially disappointed. Bob sounded like he was playing on my bedside clock/radio, but it was an old track. My go-to test song for audio systems is Finally Woken by Jem. The Echo Plus did an adequate job with the bass. It plays loud, which seems to be how it overcomes its shortcomings. It actually sounds better when I am in an adjoining room. I blame the Bose tweaking. Given time to loosen-up, it will be a good enough speaker, better than the Big Jambox. If someone gets clever and joins a subwoofer to the Echo Plus, maybe through the audio out port, it could be a really good three-way setup. But I didn\'t buy the Echo Plus for the audio.\n\nI have been a smart home enthusiast since the early 90s. What? Yea, way back in the dark ages a system called X10 did most of what you can do now. You had to set dials on the plugs to assign them to buttons on the remote. You could make scenes by grouping switches to special buttons on the remote and they even had a universal remote that you could train to your TV and VCR. My system had door sensors, a siren, and a dialer to call me if something happened at home. My lights were on timers set through the remote, or dials on the "smart" plugs. It all worked without an internet connection or intrusive account signup.\n\nFast forward fifteen years and not much changed, so I tried the Piper. A security camera as a hub matched my security focused X10 past, and Z-Wave looked like a successor to X10. The piper has been acceptable, but is retired as a smart home hub as of today.\n\nNext up was the Nest. The “learning when I am home and away” feature had promise. I imagined a world where my smarty-pants thermostat would turn on lights and unlock doors for me when I arrived home. But, the “Works with Nest” never bore fruit. An endless array of devices promised to tell Nest I was home, but not the other way around. When the Nest (after working fine for eight months) put my HVAC into an endless restart mode on the coldest day of the year, I decided the Nest was an idiot and replaced it with my old “smart” thermostats that had worked fine for a decade.\n\nThe last four years have seen an endless amount of smart home announcements with promise, but few actual products that didn’t come with lots of baggage. The biggest bag being a dedicated hub, and the carry-on (so to speak) application and dedicated account to control that device. I didn\'t want to go down that road, so I have waited and watched while my Piper faithfully managed the table lamps I have plugged into the two Z-Wave plugs that came with it. If I had acted on my impulses, I would have at least three hubs and five applications for my “smart” home, and to make it all work together I would need yet-another-account on IFTTT. The DIP switches and dials of X10 were friendly by comparison. (If your $200 smart home product needs a third party service to make it smart, your product is not worth $200).\n\nBack to the Echo Plus. By the time I had removed a Z-Wave plug from a table lamp and screwed in my new Hue bulb, Alexa informed me I had a software update. The Echo Plus rebooted itself and I said, “Alexa, find smart home devices.” Forty seconds later the Hue bulb was working through voice commands given to the new Echo Plus or my Dot in another room.\n\nAs an experiment, I moved the bulb to different lamps around the house to see if losing power would force me to set it up again. It did not.\n\nWhen you configure devices Alexa names them in a simple “light 1”, “light 2” manner. You must change the names in the Alexa application to make them more meaningful. Once you do, Alexa understands the new name.\n\nThe Groups and Scenes features are tabs on the same screen with Devices. Once you have a few devices configured, (I recommend doing one at a time so you can name them as you go) you can group them to work with a single command. I don\'t have to say “Alexa, turn on entry light,” then “Alexa turn on fireplace light,” to light my living room. After making the Living Room group I can say “Alexa turn on the Living Room.”\n\nRoutines are on a different screen in the Alexa App. Go to Settings to find it. This was the first hiccup in my experience. I wanted to configure a “bed time” routine, but the lights action said, “turn on” the light and I did not see an obvious way to turn the light off. Turns out, you just tap the light bulb icon to switch the mode to off. Now I am happy. When I say, “Alexa bed time,” I get the current temperature, and my assigned lights turn off. Perfect.\n\nI have seen reviewers complaining that you cannot control color temperature of lights with the Alexa App. Of course the same reviewers practically fell out of their shorts when Alexa skills allowed you to say things like "Alexa, tell Nest to set the temperature to 72." True, you can\'t do everything the Hue App does, but to get Hue App like control, I would need to add a Hue hub. No, just No. AND, who wants to pay $40 for a light bulb when you can get them $14 (4 dumb LEDs are now $12). Seriously, I paid $19 for my first dumb LED bulb, now I can get two smart bulbs for the same price. If color changing becomes available through the Alexa App later, and I don\'t need another hub, I will consider a color bulb at that time.\n\nWhat about thermostats? Well, my thermostats are fifteen years old. They have a weekday and weekend schedule and have never left me in the cold like the Nest did. Because of my Nest experience, I won\'t buy another “smart” thermostat until I see one available with “Simple setup with Echo Plus.” Ideally one that I don\'t have to create yet-another-account to adjust the temperature in my home.\n\nAnd door locks? OK, I am old. I have been using door locks with ten-key pads on them since I was a teenager. They are a great alternative to carrying a bunch of keys. Especially when it is a long walk back to the workshop with your keys. I don\'t see the advantage of having to pull out my phone to unlock a door. If you are at all security conscience then you would need two smart locks for each door, one for the dead-bolt and one for the door knob (I have not seen an integrated unit yet, if there is one, let me know because I would be interested.) Maybe when a smart door unlocks and opens for me as I approach I will be more excited.\n\nAnd cameras? I don\'t have any, yet. The Piper detects motion and monitors my doors with Z-Wave sensors. It records to the cloud when an alarm has been tripped. It does not require a paid subscription. I will keep it for my security system until I see a better alternative. I have looked at Arlo because I think the best value comes with exterior cameras, but I am concerned with their slow response times. I can imagine ZigBee door sensors triggering alerts and recordings on a linked camera. That would be a less intrusive option than something recording 24/7.\n\nThis is my Smart Home Mantra going forward: A single application to control all my devices, no more hubs, and the ability to use a voice command to configure my new devices. For me, when it comes to the smart home platform, Amazon has a winner on its hands with the Echo Plus. We know from the original Echo experience that Amazon will be aggressive in pushing new features to the Alexa App. I look forward to those updates and the future purchases those updates will enable.'} *** 
{'rProfileName': 'getsomesleep', 'rDate': 'Reviewed in the United States on July 20, 2018', 'rData': 'Incredible piece of technology.\nI have this right center of my living room on an island kitchen counter. The mic and speaker goes in every direction and the quality of the sound is quite good. I connected the Echo via Bluetooth to my Sony soundbar on my TV but find the Echo placement and 360 sound more appealing. It\'s no audiophile equipment but there is good range and decent bass. The sound is more than adequate for any indoor entertaining and loud enough to bother neighbors in my building. The knob on the top works great for adjusting volume. This is my first Echo device and I would imagine having to press volume buttons (on the Echo 2) a large inconvenience and not as precise. For that alone I would recommend this over the regular Echo (2nd generation).\n\nThe piece looks quality and is quite sturdy with some weight on it. The rubber material on the bottom has a good grip on the granite counter-- my cat can even rub her scent on it without tipping it over.\n\nThis order came with a free Philips Hue Bulb which I installed along with an extra one I bought. I put the 2 bulbs into my living room floor lamp, turned on the light, and all I had to do was say "Alexa, connect my devices". The default names for each bulb was assigned as "First light" and "Second light", so I can have a dimmer floor lamp if I just turned on/off one of the lights by saying "Alexa, turn off the second light". In the Alexa app, I created a \'Group\' with "First light" and "Second light" and named the group "The light", so to turn on the lamp with both bulbs shining I just say "Alexa, turn on The light".\n\nI was surprised how easily the bulbs connected to the Echo Plus with its built in hub. I thought I would have to buy a hub bridge to connect to my floor lamp power plug. Apparently there is some technology built directly inside the bulb! I was surprised by that. Awesome.\n\nYou will feel like Tony Stark on this device. I added quite a few "Skills" like \'Thunderstorm sounds\' and \'Quote of the day\' . Alexa always loads them up quickly. Adding songs that you hear to specific playlists on Amazon Music is also a great feature.\n\nI can go on and on and this is only my second day of ownership.\n\nI was lucky to buy this for $100 on Prime Day, but I think for $150 is it pretty expensive considering the Echo 2 is only $100. In my opinion, you will be paying a premium for the Echo Plus and you have to decide if the value is there for you:\n1) Taller and 360 sound unit.\n2) Volume knob on top that you spin (I think this is a huge benefit over buttons)\n3) Built in hub for Hue bulbs. After researching more, there are some cons to this setup if you plan on having more advanced light setups. For me and my floor lamp, it\'s just perfect.\n\nI highly recommend it and will buy an Echo dot for my bedroom now.', 'rAttrib': 'Incredible piece of technology.\nI have this right center of my living room on an island kitchen counter. The mic and speaker goes in every direction and the quality of the sound is quite good. I connected the Echo via Bluetooth to my Sony soundbar on my TV but find the Echo placement and 360 sound more appealing. It\'s no audiophile equipment but there is good range and decent bass. The sound is more than adequate for any indoor entertaining and loud enough to bother neighbors in my building. The knob on the top works great for adjusting volume. This is my first Echo device and I would imagine having to press volume buttons (on the Echo 2) a large inconvenience and not as precise. For that alone I would recommend this over the regular Echo (2nd generation).\n\nThe piece looks quality and is quite sturdy with some weight on it. The rubber material on the bottom has a good grip on the granite counter-- my cat can even rub her scent on it without tipping it over.\n\nThis order came with a free Philips Hue Bulb which I installed along with an extra one I bought. I put the 2 bulbs into my living room floor lamp, turned on the light, and all I had to do was say "Alexa, connect my devices". The default names for each bulb was assigned as "First light" and "Second light", so I can have a dimmer floor lamp if I just turned on/off one of the lights by saying "Alexa, turn off the second light". In the Alexa app, I created a \'Group\' with "First light" and "Second light" and named the group "The light", so to turn on the lamp with both bulbs shining I just say "Alexa, turn on The light".\n\nI was surprised how easily the bulbs connected to the Echo Plus with its built in hub. I thought I would have to buy a hub bridge to connect to my floor lamp power plug. Apparently there is some technology built directly inside the bulb! I was surprised by that. Awesome.\n\nYou will feel like Tony Stark on this device. I added quite a few "Skills" like \'Thunderstorm sounds\' and \'Quote of the day\' . Alexa always loads them up quickly. Adding songs that you hear to specific playlists on Amazon Music is also a great feature.\n\nI can go on and on and this is only my second day of ownership.\n\nI was lucky to buy this for $100 on Prime Day, but I think for $150 is it pretty expensive considering the Echo 2 is only $100. In my opinion, you will be paying a premium for the Echo Plus and you have to decide if the value is there for you:\n1) Taller and 360 sound unit.\n2) Volume knob on top that you spin (I think this is a huge benefit over buttons)\n3) Built in hub for Hue bulbs. After researching more, there are some cons to this setup if you plan on having more advanced light setups. For me and my floor lamp, it\'s just perfect.\n\nI highly recommend it and will buy an Echo dot for my bedroom now.'} *** 
{'rProfileName': 'JourneyRane', 'rDate': 'Reviewed in the United States on July 7, 2024', 'rData': '1st Generation but still going strong, loud, and great speaker too.', 'rAttrib': '1st Generation but still going strong, loud, and great speaker too.'} *** 
{'rProfileName': 'Kindle Customer', 'rDate': 'Reviewed in the United States on November 29, 2017', 'rData': 'I purchased this product to control the lights in my house. I wasn\'t really sold on getting a product like this but I figured that for the price it was about the same as getting ZigBee only hub and I got all the voice features too. I currently have this Echo Plus set up with 2 echo dots and most of my main lighting using Sengled BR30 bulbs and Cree A19 bulbs. I was able to set up groups that allowed me to turn on all the lights in the room each Echo is in just by saying "Alexa, Turn on the lights". I can also control each light individually using the bulb name (on, off, set the brightness) or any group just by using the group name form anywhere in my house using voice control. The Alexa app is pretty simple and there are plenty of skills available for things the Echo does not already do on its own. I also have it connected to my Wemo Light switch and Wemo smart plugs (both are Wi-Fi devices and are first set up using the Wemo App).\n\nAside from the home automation, there are many other uses for this product. The speaker is pretty good so listening to music is fine on this. It\'s not the quality of my Sonos products but I wouldn\'t expect that at this price (although it does allow me to control my Sonos play 3...). It is great for getting quick answers just by asking. You can get get help in the kitchen with measurement conversions, ingredient substitutions and recipes. I found the timer function to be useful and the alarm function is nice too.\n\nI purchased this during the Black Friday sale and got a Philips Hue bulb and a TP-Link Smart plug with it. Both were easy to set up and work just fine. I\'m happy with my purchase and think it is a great addition to my home.', 'rAttrib': 'I purchased this product to control the lights in my house. I wasn\'t really sold on getting a product like this but I figured that for the price it was about the same as getting ZigBee only hub and I got all the voice features too. I currently have this Echo Plus set up with 2 echo dots and most of my main lighting using Sengled BR30 bulbs and Cree A19 bulbs. I was able to set up groups that allowed me to turn on all the lights in the room each Echo is in just by saying "Alexa, Turn on the lights". I can also control each light individually using the bulb name (on, off, set the brightness) or any group just by using the group name form anywhere in my house using voice control. The Alexa app is pretty simple and there are plenty of skills available for things the Echo does not already do on its own. I also have it connected to my Wemo Light switch and Wemo smart plugs (both are Wi-Fi devices and are first set up using the Wemo App).\n\nAside from the home automation, there are many other uses for this product. The speaker is pretty good so listening to music is fine on this. It\'s not the quality of my Sonos products but I wouldn\'t expect that at this price (although it does allow me to control my Sonos play 3...). It is great for getting quick answers just by asking. You can get get help in the kitchen with measurement conversions, ingredient substitutions and recipes. I found the timer function to be useful and the alarm function is nice too.\n\nI purchased this during the Black Friday sale and got a Philips Hue bulb and a TP-Link Smart plug with it. Both were easy to set up and work just fine. I\'m happy with my purchase and think it is a great addition to my home.'} *** 
{'rProfileName': 'RPL', 'rDate': 'Reviewed in the United States on November 3, 2017', 'rData': "If you already have an Echo, I'm not sure there much, or any reason to upgrade to this new echo. First, for those people buying this Echo in order to get rid of your current hubs, that may or may not be possible. If you have a Hue hub, this Echo Plus is not a direct replacement for it. In addition to bulbs, the Hue hub supports motion sensors, dimmer switches, and tap switches. It also supports Apple Homekit. If you deregister your Hue peripherals from the Hue hub, and try and connect them to the Echo Plus, while the bulbs will connect, the motion sensors and dimmer switches will not. Also, you will lose Apple Homekit support. You will also lose all the automations the Hue hub supports like sunrise to sunset and other automation. Also, if your internet goes out, your Hue hub will continue to work and you will be able to control your lights with the Hue app. If your internet goes out, the Echo Plus will not be able to control your lights by voice, or the Alexa app. Lastly, all the 3rd party Hue apps are designed to work with the Hue bridge, not the Echo Plus. So, those apps will also not work.\n\nIf your current hub is Z-Wave, then the Echo Plus will also not be a direct replacement for it. You will need to keep that hub as well the Echo Plus does not have a Z-Wave radio in it. If you want to do simple things like turn a ZigBee bulb on and off, and dim it, then the Echo Plus works fine. If you want to do more complicated scenarios, then you will need to keep, or buy a another hub. Since Zigbee is the only protocol that is supported at this time, you need to look for light bulbs, and some other peripherals, that use that protocol in order for it work with the Echo Plus. But with that said, there will be some devices that use Zigbee that will still need their manufactures hub to work. So, again, it will not be as simple as looking for a ZigBee device and expecting it work with the Echo Plus. Since there is currently no supported list of devices, trial and error is going to be your best bet in trying to figure out which ZigBee devices work with the Echo Plus and which do not.\n\nAs for sound, that part if more subjective. I like a little more base in my music. The Echo Plus sacrifices bass for treble in this new design. So, to me, it does not sound as great as the previous Echo. To me, it sounds a little flat. My old Echo sounds much richer and fuller than the Plus. So, if you like your music with more bass, then you might be disappointed here as well.\n\nApart from the above, the Echo Plus does everything the old Echo does, so I'm not going to repeat everything here as you can read about those features in reviews of the last generation Echo. The microphones on the Echo Plus seems more sensitive to the previous generation though. It appears to be able to hear me more, even when the music is turned out loud. Where the old Echo had issues doing that. Also, the Plus has a 3.5 mm audio jack. Therefore, you can more easily connect it to your stereo, external speakers, etc. with a wire, if Bluetooth is not an option.\n\nSo, all in all, the Echo Plus is good device, but I don't think it's that much better than the previous generation to warrant an upgrade. If an upgrade is wanted, then depending on you hub needs, the smaller newer Echo might be the better choice. If you are new to the smart home arena, then try and figure out what you want your smart home to do, then pick the best system(s) that get you want you want. Don't assume the Echo Plus will solve all your smart home needs.", 'rAttrib': "If you already have an Echo, I'm not sure there much, or any reason to upgrade to this new echo. First, for those people buying this Echo in order to get rid of your current hubs, that may or may not be possible. If you have a Hue hub, this Echo Plus is not a direct replacement for it. In addition to bulbs, the Hue hub supports motion sensors, dimmer switches, and tap switches. It also supports Apple Homekit. If you deregister your Hue peripherals from the Hue hub, and try and connect them to the Echo Plus, while the bulbs will connect, the motion sensors and dimmer switches will not. Also, you will lose Apple Homekit support. You will also lose all the automations the Hue hub supports like sunrise to sunset and other automation. Also, if your internet goes out, your Hue hub will continue to work and you will be able to control your lights with the Hue app. If your internet goes out, the Echo Plus will not be able to control your lights by voice, or the Alexa app. Lastly, all the 3rd party Hue apps are designed to work with the Hue bridge, not the Echo Plus. So, those apps will also not work.\n\nIf your current hub is Z-Wave, then the Echo Plus will also not be a direct replacement for it. You will need to keep that hub as well the Echo Plus does not have a Z-Wave radio in it. If you want to do simple things like turn a ZigBee bulb on and off, and dim it, then the Echo Plus works fine. If you want to do more complicated scenarios, then you will need to keep, or buy a another hub. Since Zigbee is the only protocol that is supported at this time, you need to look for light bulbs, and some other peripherals, that use that protocol in order for it work with the Echo Plus. But with that said, there will be some devices that use Zigbee that will still need their manufactures hub to work. So, again, it will not be as simple as looking for a ZigBee device and expecting it work with the Echo Plus. Since there is currently no supported list of devices, trial and error is going to be your best bet in trying to figure out which ZigBee devices work with the Echo Plus and which do not.\n\nAs for sound, that part if more subjective. I like a little more base in my music. The Echo Plus sacrifices bass for treble in this new design. So, to me, it does not sound as great as the previous Echo. To me, it sounds a little flat. My old Echo sounds much richer and fuller than the Plus. So, if you like your music with more bass, then you might be disappointed here as well.\n\nApart from the above, the Echo Plus does everything the old Echo does, so I'm not going to repeat everything here as you can read about those features in reviews of the last generation Echo. The microphones on the Echo Plus seems more sensitive to the previous generation though. It appears to be able to hear me more, even when the music is turned out loud. Where the old Echo had issues doing that. Also, the Plus has a 3.5 mm audio jack. Therefore, you can more easily connect it to your stereo, external speakers, etc. with a wire, if Bluetooth is not an option.\n\nSo, all in all, the Echo Plus is good device, but I don't think it's that much better than the previous generation to warrant an upgrade. If an upgrade is wanted, then depending on you hub needs, the smaller newer Echo might be the better choice. If you are new to the smart home arena, then try and figure out what you want your smart home to do, then pick the best system(s) that get you want you want. Don't assume the Echo Plus will solve all your smart home needs."} *** 
{'rProfileName': 'Carnage Reviews', 'rDate': 'Reviewed in the United States on May 21, 2024', 'rData': "Ah, the Echo Plus with built-in Hub, 1st Generation—White. A relic from a simpler time when Alexa's voice summoned more chaos and less... eye-rolling indifference. It's dependable, sure, and it does its job well enough: controls your smart devices, answers your banal questions, and occasionally plays a tune to drown out the screams. But honestly, does anyone even care anymore? With newer models on the loose, this one's starting to feel like yesterday's carnage. Still, it gets the job done without whining. Four stars for functionality, minus one for the slow, creeping sense of irrelevance.", 'rAttrib': "Ah, the Echo Plus with built-in Hub, 1st Generation—White. A relic from a simpler time when Alexa's voice summoned more chaos and less... eye-rolling indifference. It's dependable, sure, and it does its job well enough: controls your smart devices, answers your banal questions, and occasionally plays a tune to drown out the screams. But honestly, does anyone even care anymore? With newer models on the loose, this one's starting to feel like yesterday's carnage. Still, it gets the job done without whining. Four stars for functionality, minus one for the slow, creeping sense of irrelevance."} *** 
{'rProfileName': 'Gee O.', 'rDate': 'Reviewed in the United States on August 29, 2024', 'rData': 'The turn knob to lower and higher the volume tends to wear out causing the volume level to go loud when turning it so one has to turn it fast to lower it down.', 'rAttrib': 'The turn knob to lower and higher the volume tends to wear out causing the volume level to go loud when turning it so one has to turn it fast to lower it down.'} *** 
{'rProfileName': 'Jessie Potts', 'rDate': 'Reviewed in the United States on January 21, 2018', 'rData': 'This is the first echo product in our household; we got it for Christmas and bought echo dots to go in each room. I love the echo plus. Yes it’s creepy at times, yes Alexa turns on and asks random questions which has my husband and I staring wide eyed talking about Amazon monitoring our household… but she’s so cool! Here are a few things…\n\nMusic\n- I love this, with Prime we get most music, though some (like Space Jam) is only for purchase.\n- Love the playlists (especially classical focus in the morning) but, BUT there should be more options. Some of the playlists only have 5 songs. Also I feel like Alexa should remember what song you left off on so you don’t have to start at the beginning of the play list again.\n- I wish they had radio stations for Alexa (not adding a premium spotify account and using their radio stations) I know some local stations have it, but I’d love to have a classical station that can be played continuously, not with the same songs, or a 90s station that doesn’t have the same songs.\n\nAudiobooks/audible\n- I love that it connects to my audible account but there’s sometimes still lag in where I left off on the book, either on Alexa or my phone, and then switching back\n- You can’t stream your audiobook on a group, just one echo dot or Alexa, this is lame when I’m doing housework I have to still play it on my phone since I can’t listen on a group\n\nGroups\n- I love that my entire household is a group, during the holidays (we opened it early sorry dad!) we had holiday music playing on every echo/Alexa and it was awesome\n- It sucks you can only have one group. I’d love to have a household group, an upstairs group and a downstairs group; this should be doable with the technology\n- We can’t I play my audio book on a group?\n\nAlexa add ons\n- I love the Phillips light that is voice controlled, sometimes though Alexa has a hard time hearing the colors we want.. like yellow??\n- The dimmable Philips light bulb sometimes flickers when it’s dimmed bellowed 50%\n- The plugs we got are a bit bulky, and when we used it with our Christmas tree, we still had to step on the button to turn it on? I think this one might be user error though\n- There seems to be a lot of Alexa compatible devices, but I’m having a hard time finding a daylight bulb for my closet, as well as smaller bulbs for some of our lights/fans and lamps.\n\nRandom things\n- While playing CoD with my sister on speaker phone she can tell my Alexa to play - songs, we have Alexa song wars\n- Alexa randomly turns on my phone’s blue tooth, for no reason\n- Alexa will randomly tell us we must join a group first\n\nComplaints\n- I really liked the cases/covers for the Echo and the Echo dots, but you can’t have one on the plus. This is lame\n- The speakers aren’t that great, especially the dots, I have a Bluetooth mini speaker that has more juice than they do\n- The white dots come with a black plug… this sucks because I wanted all white in my library and kitchen and the black plug is bulky and noticeable.\n- I understand the technology isn’t there yet, but it sucks that you only have three options Alexa, Echo or Computer, we wanted to name ours Alfred.', 'rAttrib': 'This is the first echo product in our household; we got it for Christmas and bought echo dots to go in each room. I love the echo plus. Yes it’s creepy at times, yes Alexa turns on and asks random questions which has my husband and I staring wide eyed talking about Amazon monitoring our household… but she’s so cool! Here are a few things…\n\nMusic\n- I love this, with Prime we get most music, though some (like Space Jam) is only for purchase.\n- Love the playlists (especially classical focus in the morning) but, BUT there should be more options. Some of the playlists only have 5 songs. Also I feel like Alexa should remember what song you left off on so you don’t have to start at the beginning of the play list again.\n- I wish they had radio stations for Alexa (not adding a premium spotify account and using their radio stations) I know some local stations have it, but I’d love to have a classical station that can be played continuously, not with the same songs, or a 90s station that doesn’t have the same songs.\n\nAudiobooks/audible\n- I love that it connects to my audible account but there’s sometimes still lag in where I left off on the book, either on Alexa or my phone, and then switching back\n- You can’t stream your audiobook on a group, just one echo dot or Alexa, this is lame when I’m doing housework I have to still play it on my phone since I can’t listen on a group\n\nGroups\n- I love that my entire household is a group, during the holidays (we opened it early sorry dad!) we had holiday music playing on every echo/Alexa and it was awesome\n- It sucks you can only have one group. I’d love to have a household group, an upstairs group and a downstairs group; this should be doable with the technology\n- We can’t I play my audio book on a group?\n\nAlexa add ons\n- I love the Phillips light that is voice controlled, sometimes though Alexa has a hard time hearing the colors we want.. like yellow??\n- The dimmable Philips light bulb sometimes flickers when it’s dimmed bellowed 50%\n- The plugs we got are a bit bulky, and when we used it with our Christmas tree, we still had to step on the button to turn it on? I think this one might be user error though\n- There seems to be a lot of Alexa compatible devices, but I’m having a hard time finding a daylight bulb for my closet, as well as smaller bulbs for some of our lights/fans and lamps.\n\nRandom things\n- While playing CoD with my sister on speaker phone she can tell my Alexa to play - songs, we have Alexa song wars\n- Alexa randomly turns on my phone’s blue tooth, for no reason\n- Alexa will randomly tell us we must join a group first\n\nComplaints\n- I really liked the cases/covers for the Echo and the Echo dots, but you can’t have one on the plus. This is lame\n- The speakers aren’t that great, especially the dots, I have a Bluetooth mini speaker that has more juice than they do\n- The white dots come with a black plug… this sucks because I wanted all white in my library and kitchen and the black plug is bulky and noticeable.\n- I understand the technology isn’t there yet, but it sucks that you only have three options Alexa, Echo or Computer, we wanted to name ours Alfred.'} *** 
{'rProfileName': 'Mr. Critter', 'rDate': 'Reviewed in the United States on November 2, 2017', 'rData': 'Review after 5 days:\n\nPro: Performs same basic functions as Philips Hue and GE Wink hubs.\nCon: Does not perform all functions. Cannot create scenes, cannot set sunrise/sunset timers, and third-party apps that rely on Hue hub will not work once you disconnect that hub.\n\nPro: Changes color of lights for Hue bulbs with voice. If you only had Hue hub gen. 1, this will be a new feature for you. If you had Hue hub gen. 2, this is not a new feature. This is the primary reason I bought the Echo Plus.\nCon: Apple Home Kit will still require Hue hub gen. 2. Apple does not recognize Amazon devices.\n\nPro: Controls all of my Hue and Wink bulbs and allowed me to disconnect those hubs.\nCon: Set up is a huge pain. I might be overly complicated for someone new to Alexa. The bulbs you own will already be paired to their respective hubs. Simply disconnecting the hubs does not allow Echo Plus to take over. You have to reset each bulb. Since Amazon advertises seamless and easy setup, this was a surprise and made me think I was doing something wrong. Setup took 1.75 hours for me. You have to look hard for instructions for your unique devices. The instructions are in the Alexa app.\n\nPro: Faster response time for GE Wink bulbs. Previously would take up to 15 seconds for these bulbs to respond, now it’s instant just like Hub bulbs have always been.\nCon: None, this is a great and unexpected feature. Wink bulbs are much cheaper, and I assumed that’s why they were always slower. Nice that they have instant response now.\n\nPro: Amazingly strong microphones, will hear a whisper even if it is playing loud music. Echo Dot (or any other Echo) can do this, but Echo Plus’ ability is impressive. Echo Dot did not do a good job of canceling out its own music.\nCon: It can hear you over loud music only if Echo is playing this music. Loud ambient sounds or music playing from some other speaker will prevent Alexa from responding to your commands. Amazon is well aware of this issue, and they now sell an Alexa-enabled remote control to use during this situations. I also own the Amazon Dash Wand (for the food delivery service), and it can be used to do the same. Of course, if you have to press a button on these remotes, then it’s no longer truly voice activated.\n\nPro: Multi-room music plays in sync if you have multiple Echo devices. It also creates a home intercom system with the “drop in” feature.\nCon: None, this is a cool thing. But these functions are available on all Echo devices, including the Dot that is 1/3 the price.\n\nPro: If you order now, Amazon is giving you a free Philips Hue bulb.\nCon: Even though it’s free, it’s an ugly, cheap-looking bulb. It’s not sleek glass like my other Hue bulbs. It’s frosted plastic. But then again, it’s FREE. You have to make sure the version you are ordering comes with the bulb. Both versions are the same price, and you might accidentally order the wrong one without the bulb.\n\nConclusion: Terribly complicated set up. Expensive device that does the same as cheaper Echo Dot with the exception of the internal hub. The internal hub will replace some features of your ZigBee-enabled smart home devices, but will not give the full range of features you’re used to with their native hubs. Subjectively, I think the device is ugly. The other Echo products have more pleasing proportions.', 'rAttrib': 'Review after 5 days:\n\nPro: Performs same basic functions as Philips Hue and GE Wink hubs.\nCon: Does not perform all functions. Cannot create scenes, cannot set sunrise/sunset timers, and third-party apps that rely on Hue hub will not work once you disconnect that hub.\n\nPro: Changes color of lights for Hue bulbs with voice. If you only had Hue hub gen. 1, this will be a new feature for you. If you had Hue hub gen. 2, this is not a new feature. This is the primary reason I bought the Echo Plus.\nCon: Apple Home Kit will still require Hue hub gen. 2. Apple does not recognize Amazon devices.\n\nPro: Controls all of my Hue and Wink bulbs and allowed me to disconnect those hubs.\nCon: Set up is a huge pain. I might be overly complicated for someone new to Alexa. The bulbs you own will already be paired to their respective hubs. Simply disconnecting the hubs does not allow Echo Plus to take over. You have to reset each bulb. Since Amazon advertises seamless and easy setup, this was a surprise and made me think I was doing something wrong. Setup took 1.75 hours for me. You have to look hard for instructions for your unique devices. The instructions are in the Alexa app.\n\nPro: Faster response time for GE Wink bulbs. Previously would take up to 15 seconds for these bulbs to respond, now it’s instant just like Hub bulbs have always been.\nCon: None, this is a great and unexpected feature. Wink bulbs are much cheaper, and I assumed that’s why they were always slower. Nice that they have instant response now.\n\nPro: Amazingly strong microphones, will hear a whisper even if it is playing loud music. Echo Dot (or any other Echo) can do this, but Echo Plus’ ability is impressive. Echo Dot did not do a good job of canceling out its own music.\nCon: It can hear you over loud music only if Echo is playing this music. Loud ambient sounds or music playing from some other speaker will prevent Alexa from responding to your commands. Amazon is well aware of this issue, and they now sell an Alexa-enabled remote control to use during this situations. I also own the Amazon Dash Wand (for the food delivery service), and it can be used to do the same. Of course, if you have to press a button on these remotes, then it’s no longer truly voice activated.\n\nPro: Multi-room music plays in sync if you have multiple Echo devices. It also creates a home intercom system with the “drop in” feature.\nCon: None, this is a cool thing. But these functions are available on all Echo devices, including the Dot that is 1/3 the price.\n\nPro: If you order now, Amazon is giving you a free Philips Hue bulb.\nCon: Even though it’s free, it’s an ugly, cheap-looking bulb. It’s not sleek glass like my other Hue bulbs. It’s frosted plastic. But then again, it’s FREE. You have to make sure the version you are ordering comes with the bulb. Both versions are the same price, and you might accidentally order the wrong one without the bulb.\n\nConclusion: Terribly complicated set up. Expensive device that does the same as cheaper Echo Dot with the exception of the internal hub. The internal hub will replace some features of your ZigBee-enabled smart home devices, but will not give the full range of features you’re used to with their native hubs. Subjectively, I think the device is ugly. The other Echo products have more pleasing proportions.'} *** 
{'rProfileName': 'CS', 'rDate': 'Reviewed in the United States on December 14, 2017', 'rData': 'I have a couple of these as well as the echo dot and Firetv\'s throughout my home. Really love the product so far. For me I tend to use the music side of this more than any thing else (really cool controlling your home, and i\'ll probably add that in later). I\'ve been a musician all my life and sound quality is really important to me. So with that being said...\n\nWhen I first started using Alexa and the Echo line I started simple with just the Echo Dot and instantly wanted better sound quality. To improve the dot, I picked up the Bose SoundLink Revolve (you can plug it in or use bluetooth). It\'s Bose, so of course its awesome. Connecting Bluetooth speakers is an awesome feature with the Echo line. As for quality, being Bose, who is better at making great sound... right?? Well, turns out its AMAZON lol.\n\nI asked so many people/sales-reps about sound quality (best buy, frys, BH) and as soon as i mentioned Bose, they all responded with "oh, well Bose, you can\'t beat that". Hell... I bought one because it Bose before ever asking about the Echo Plus. That response says a lot for the Bose product line history/quality, but comparing like for like (SoundLink Revolve and Amazon Echo, similar size speakers) the Echo has better bass, depth, and volume than the Bose. It just sounds better. The frustrating part was every location I visited when I started looking at the Echo Plus had an echo on display, but none of them ever played sound. If I was Amazon\'s marketing/product head, I would get some field reps out there checking on those locations. Product would sell itself.\n\nAnyway, another super cool feature is the "grouping" of amazon devices so that you can play your music across your entire home/backyard. Bose has a similar feature, but it\'s just a speaker system unlike the Echo which does 10,000 different things including "voice controlling" the songs/services/playlists and volume levels across the entire group. Oh... did i mention Bose is almost 3 times as costly? Nice work Amazon.\n\nAdditionally, I discovered that with the FireTV you can Bluetooth connect to the Echo. Why does this matter, well because I have an Echo and a 60" TV in with a fireTV connected in the same room. One that doesn\'t have my Bose theater system connected so i use the TV\'s speakers. Turns out the Echo sounds MUCH better and is louder. Side Note: the fireTV\'s connect to bluetooth is great for connecting headsets when you want to keeps things quite around the house but want great sound and volume for your video binge weekends.\n\nOnly request I would ask of amazon is to add "Group Playback" of Bluetooth connected devices. This isn\'t currently supported so it\'s one Bluetooth device per Echo. The grouping only works for the streaming services (and not all of them, so check availability), but if you have amazon prime you have Amazon\'s basic streaming music service anyway which is quite nice.', 'rAttrib': 'I have a couple of these as well as the echo dot and Firetv\'s throughout my home. Really love the product so far. For me I tend to use the music side of this more than any thing else (really cool controlling your home, and i\'ll probably add that in later). I\'ve been a musician all my life and sound quality is really important to me. So with that being said...\n\nWhen I first started using Alexa and the Echo line I started simple with just the Echo Dot and instantly wanted better sound quality. To improve the dot, I picked up the Bose SoundLink Revolve (you can plug it in or use bluetooth). It\'s Bose, so of course its awesome. Connecting Bluetooth speakers is an awesome feature with the Echo line. As for quality, being Bose, who is better at making great sound... right?? Well, turns out its AMAZON lol.\n\nI asked so many people/sales-reps about sound quality (best buy, frys, BH) and as soon as i mentioned Bose, they all responded with "oh, well Bose, you can\'t beat that". Hell... I bought one because it Bose before ever asking about the Echo Plus. That response says a lot for the Bose product line history/quality, but comparing like for like (SoundLink Revolve and Amazon Echo, similar size speakers) the Echo has better bass, depth, and volume than the Bose. It just sounds better. The frustrating part was every location I visited when I started looking at the Echo Plus had an echo on display, but none of them ever played sound. If I was Amazon\'s marketing/product head, I would get some field reps out there checking on those locations. Product would sell itself.\n\nAnyway, another super cool feature is the "grouping" of amazon devices so that you can play your music across your entire home/backyard. Bose has a similar feature, but it\'s just a speaker system unlike the Echo which does 10,000 different things including "voice controlling" the songs/services/playlists and volume levels across the entire group. Oh... did i mention Bose is almost 3 times as costly? Nice work Amazon.\n\nAdditionally, I discovered that with the FireTV you can Bluetooth connect to the Echo. Why does this matter, well because I have an Echo and a 60" TV in with a fireTV connected in the same room. One that doesn\'t have my Bose theater system connected so i use the TV\'s speakers. Turns out the Echo sounds MUCH better and is louder. Side Note: the fireTV\'s connect to bluetooth is great for connecting headsets when you want to keeps things quite around the house but want great sound and volume for your video binge weekends.\n\nOnly request I would ask of amazon is to add "Group Playback" of Bluetooth connected devices. This isn\'t currently supported so it\'s one Bluetooth device per Echo. The grouping only works for the streaming services (and not all of them, so check availability), but if you have amazon prime you have Amazon\'s basic streaming music service anyway which is quite nice.'} *** 
{'rProfileName': 'ArizonaGuy', 'rDate': 'Reviewed in the United States on November 27, 2018', 'rData': 'Five Amazon devices increasingly have problems\n\nI am a 77 year old senior citizen with some disabilities that make it important that I be able to control plugs by voice with my Amazon units.\nThree echo devices and two dots have become more and more unreliable. I believe the basic problem is that Amazon has sold so many units that its computers can no longer properly interface with the devices. One of the echo devices is a basic echo, two of the echoes are echo plus units purchased in December 2017, the two echo dots were purchased November 2017, and the basic Amazon echo was purchased July 2017. I have the Alexa app on two android phones. One of the phones is several months old, with the app having been updated relatively recently. The other phone is two days old, and the app was installed on it within the last 48 hours.\n\nExamples of problems\n\n1. Devices are no longer compatible with TP-link Kasa plugs. Yesterday morning the plugs were working fine. Then as the day went on the Alexa devices became unable to control first one of the plugs, then two of the plugs, etc. until it could control none of them.\nHere is an example of what happens when I try to turn on a light in my spare bedroom with a voice command. All five of the Alexa devices give the following message:\n“Sorry something is wrong. To control the spare bedroom light, try disabling the skill and then re-enabling it from your Alexa app.” Disabling the skill and re-enabling it does not fix the problem. I have the Alexa app on two different android phones.\n\nOn both android phones the Alexa app for the nonworking plugs shows a message “Skill is unresponsive.”\n\nIf I attempt to manually turn a plug on or off in the Alexa app, the plug does not go on or off. All that happens on either phone is it I get a message stating that the skill is unresponsive. However, if I go into the Kasa app, I can manually turn the plugs on and off–showing that they are connected to the Wi-Fi network. I tried deleting this skill for one of the plugs and then attempted to re-create the skill. The Amazon app was unable to find the Kasa plug.\n\nI spent a long time today on the phone with an Amazon representative who was unable to fix the problem and is escalating it. He said that someone will call me sometime.\n\nThere is no doubt in my mind that the problem lies with Amazon. The Alexa app on two different phones states that skills for the Kasa plugs are unresponsive. I spoke with the technician at Kasa who said the problem is with Amazon.\n\n2. Several months ago all of my echo devices began to occasionally respond to a voice command with a statement such as “I’m having trouble understanding right now, please try again later.” If I repeatedly gave the command, eventually the echo device would understand. I sort of felt like I was trying to make a phone call to a very busy line in which the only way to get through was to repeatedly retry.\n3. Accuracy of response by all units has declined. Despite my having trained the units to recognize my voice, they increasingly do not properly understand. Sometimes they reply that “I don’t know that one.” Sometimes they state, “I’m not sure” sometimes they carry out an action that I did not ask for–in other words they respond to a command with an incorrect action.\n\nThe basic fact is that five different devices purchased at different times are becoming increasingly unreliable and unusable. Another basic fact is that I was unable to get through to a higher level technician and was told that someone would call me sometime. Amazon should stop selling these devices and work on fixing their computers.\n\nAfter posting the above review, I tried a chat with Amazon and sent this entire review along with a strong request to speak to a supervisor. I was connected finally with a person who helped me restore all of the skills for the tp-link Kasa plugs. There is still the less pressing problem of all of the devices having increasing problems with recognizing commands correctly. The various echo devices are a great idea, but there are still problems I think with the Amazon computers and their interface with such devices.', 'rAttrib': 'Five Amazon devices increasingly have problems\n\nI am a 77 year old senior citizen with some disabilities that make it important that I be able to control plugs by voice with my Amazon units.\nThree echo devices and two dots have become more and more unreliable. I believe the basic problem is that Amazon has sold so many units that its computers can no longer properly interface with the devices. One of the echo devices is a basic echo, two of the echoes are echo plus units purchased in December 2017, the two echo dots were purchased November 2017, and the basic Amazon echo was purchased July 2017. I have the Alexa app on two android phones. One of the phones is several months old, with the app having been updated relatively recently. The other phone is two days old, and the app was installed on it within the last 48 hours.\n\nExamples of problems\n\n1. Devices are no longer compatible with TP-link Kasa plugs. Yesterday morning the plugs were working fine. Then as the day went on the Alexa devices became unable to control first one of the plugs, then two of the plugs, etc. until it could control none of them.\nHere is an example of what happens when I try to turn on a light in my spare bedroom with a voice command. All five of the Alexa devices give the following message:\n“Sorry something is wrong. To control the spare bedroom light, try disabling the skill and then re-enabling it from your Alexa app.” Disabling the skill and re-enabling it does not fix the problem. I have the Alexa app on two different android phones.\n\nOn both android phones the Alexa app for the nonworking plugs shows a message “Skill is unresponsive.”\n\nIf I attempt to manually turn a plug on or off in the Alexa app, the plug does not go on or off. All that happens on either phone is it I get a message stating that the skill is unresponsive. However, if I go into the Kasa app, I can manually turn the plugs on and off–showing that they are connected to the Wi-Fi network. I tried deleting this skill for one of the plugs and then attempted to re-create the skill. The Amazon app was unable to find the Kasa plug.\n\nI spent a long time today on the phone with an Amazon representative who was unable to fix the problem and is escalating it. He said that someone will call me sometime.\n\nThere is no doubt in my mind that the problem lies with Amazon. The Alexa app on two different phones states that skills for the Kasa plugs are unresponsive. I spoke with the technician at Kasa who said the problem is with Amazon.\n\n2. Several months ago all of my echo devices began to occasionally respond to a voice command with a statement such as “I’m having trouble understanding right now, please try again later.” If I repeatedly gave the command, eventually the echo device would understand. I sort of felt like I was trying to make a phone call to a very busy line in which the only way to get through was to repeatedly retry.\n3. Accuracy of response by all units has declined. Despite my having trained the units to recognize my voice, they increasingly do not properly understand. Sometimes they reply that “I don’t know that one.” Sometimes they state, “I’m not sure” sometimes they carry out an action that I did not ask for–in other words they respond to a command with an incorrect action.\n\nThe basic fact is that five different devices purchased at different times are becoming increasingly unreliable and unusable. Another basic fact is that I was unable to get through to a higher level technician and was told that someone would call me sometime. Amazon should stop selling these devices and work on fixing their computers.\n\nAfter posting the above review, I tried a chat with Amazon and sent this entire review along with a strong request to speak to a supervisor. I was connected finally with a person who helped me restore all of the skills for the tp-link Kasa plugs. There is still the less pressing problem of all of the devices having increasing problems with recognizing commands correctly. The various echo devices are a great idea, but there are still problems I think with the Amazon computers and their interface with such devices.'} *** 
{'rProfileName': 'hickamcasa', 'rDate': 'Reviewed in the United States on January 5, 2018', 'rData': 'I’ve had this product for over a month now. As speakers go the Echo Plus is fine, if your looking for good sounding background music. If you want/prefer or need a bigger booming sound you need to look at the Sonos One or consider connecting a separate powered speaker to an Echo Dot (while the Echo Plus does have an aux out jack, using the Dot with an external speaker is more economical). I also have a first Gen Echo so utilizing the new multi-room play capability to play the same music in different rooms is a nice feature. The sound from Gen 1 Echo and Echo Plus is slightly different but not enough to get excited about and/or say that one is better than the other. Like I indicted above if your looking for dance hall sound look elsewhere. One thing you should understand is multi-room streaming does not apply to Bluetooth or your own music (since Amazon is discontinuing the ability to up load your own music to Prime Music). Multi-room is limited to Prime Music and services like Pandora and Spotify.\n\nI selected the Echo Plus over the Gen 2 Echo because of it’s built in Zigbee Hub. I had a few home automation requirements (mostly lighting) I thought the Plus could handle. I didn’t want or need a Hub to handle thermostats, security, locks, scene lighting, etc, etc. And I didn’t want to deal with yet “another” App on my iPhone to handle a Wink, SmartThings or Hue hub. Currently, I have two GE Zigbee wall switch dimmers and two Philips Hue smart bulbs connected to the Alexa Plus. All paired without a problem and all are following the on/off and dimming routines setup in the Alexa App. Those comfortable working with simple electrical DIY will find the GE wired dimmers easy to install (they do however require a connection to the white neutral wire, which may not be available in some older homes). One oddity associated with the Philips smart bulbs is they “pop” on at 100% brightness after a power outage once power is restored. This does not happen with the GE dimmers.\n\nThe biggest issue I have with the Echo Plus is the Alexa App. The Alexa App “routines” interface is woefully simple and in dire need of improvement. It’s impossible to keep track of, or group, the various times and brightness levels associated with each smart device. I can’t imagine how confusing it would be with a whole house full of smart switches and smart bulbs. It also lacks a dusk to dawn option. The App is so bad I’m reconsidering my resistance to having yet another App on my phone, to interface with a either a Wink or SmartThings hub. From what I’ve read their Apps are more advanced and robust when dealing with smarthome devices. At this point, I’ll give Amazon some time to update the Alexa App. If that doesn’t happen in the next few months, I’ll begin looking for a different hub. Todate, all the smart stuff I’ve installed will work with either Wink or SmartThings. If I switch, I’ll simply relegate the Echo Plus to a speaker only function.', 'rAttrib': 'I’ve had this product for over a month now. As speakers go the Echo Plus is fine, if your looking for good sounding background music. If you want/prefer or need a bigger booming sound you need to look at the Sonos One or consider connecting a separate powered speaker to an Echo Dot (while the Echo Plus does have an aux out jack, using the Dot with an external speaker is more economical). I also have a first Gen Echo so utilizing the new multi-room play capability to play the same music in different rooms is a nice feature. The sound from Gen 1 Echo and Echo Plus is slightly different but not enough to get excited about and/or say that one is better than the other. Like I indicted above if your looking for dance hall sound look elsewhere. One thing you should understand is multi-room streaming does not apply to Bluetooth or your own music (since Amazon is discontinuing the ability to up load your own music to Prime Music). Multi-room is limited to Prime Music and services like Pandora and Spotify.\n\nI selected the Echo Plus over the Gen 2 Echo because of it’s built in Zigbee Hub. I had a few home automation requirements (mostly lighting) I thought the Plus could handle. I didn’t want or need a Hub to handle thermostats, security, locks, scene lighting, etc, etc. And I didn’t want to deal with yet “another” App on my iPhone to handle a Wink, SmartThings or Hue hub. Currently, I have two GE Zigbee wall switch dimmers and two Philips Hue smart bulbs connected to the Alexa Plus. All paired without a problem and all are following the on/off and dimming routines setup in the Alexa App. Those comfortable working with simple electrical DIY will find the GE wired dimmers easy to install (they do however require a connection to the white neutral wire, which may not be available in some older homes). One oddity associated with the Philips smart bulbs is they “pop” on at 100% brightness after a power outage once power is restored. This does not happen with the GE dimmers.\n\nThe biggest issue I have with the Echo Plus is the Alexa App. The Alexa App “routines” interface is woefully simple and in dire need of improvement. It’s impossible to keep track of, or group, the various times and brightness levels associated with each smart device. I can’t imagine how confusing it would be with a whole house full of smart switches and smart bulbs. It also lacks a dusk to dawn option. The App is so bad I’m reconsidering my resistance to having yet another App on my phone, to interface with a either a Wink or SmartThings hub. From what I’ve read their Apps are more advanced and robust when dealing with smarthome devices. At this point, I’ll give Amazon some time to update the Alexa App. If that doesn’t happen in the next few months, I’ll begin looking for a different hub. Todate, all the smart stuff I’ve installed will work with either Wink or SmartThings. If I switch, I’ll simply relegate the Echo Plus to a speaker only function.'} *** 
{'rProfileName': 'Earth Spirits', 'rDate': 'Reviewed in the United States on November 3, 2017', 'rData': 'I have an original Echo gen 1 that has been working fine for a couple of years now. I am not sure why some people are saying that the audio is worse. I think it is better and most certainly better than the Echo Dot.\nThe microphone also seems more sensitive and better able to pickup your voice even while it is playing music loudly.\n\nI got this to see if it could be an all in one solution as I currently am also running a Wink Hub 2. I wanted to see if I could just use Alexa and the Alexa app on my iPhone to control everything in the house which includes bulbs, door locks, egg minder (yes I do use it for keeping up with our own chickens eggs and which are the freshest ones). I want to set up scenes and schedules to automate more lights. So far I haven\'t yet got it to be an all in one. Alexa did not detect any of devices on the Wink Hub. I think there will be more than just asking Alexa to "discover new devices".\n\nWith Wink now offering home security monitoring at a low rate things are really evolving in the smart home market. There are so many companies vying for the space. Nest also has a new security system out. Ring doorbell, all the major door lock companies, thermostats, lights, etc... I really think it will be between the big players to see who wins out for me. Apple with Homekit, Amazon with Alex or Google. So far I think Amazon is far ahead of the competition. I think this echo plus just needs some time to really shine. Give it a few software updates and it\'s upgraded features will be more clear and present.\n\nI am going to keep playing with this Echo Plus. I think it will prove to be a good upgrade in time.', 'rAttrib': 'I have an original Echo gen 1 that has been working fine for a couple of years now. I am not sure why some people are saying that the audio is worse. I think it is better and most certainly better than the Echo Dot.\nThe microphone also seems more sensitive and better able to pickup your voice even while it is playing music loudly.\n\nI got this to see if it could be an all in one solution as I currently am also running a Wink Hub 2. I wanted to see if I could just use Alexa and the Alexa app on my iPhone to control everything in the house which includes bulbs, door locks, egg minder (yes I do use it for keeping up with our own chickens eggs and which are the freshest ones). I want to set up scenes and schedules to automate more lights. So far I haven\'t yet got it to be an all in one. Alexa did not detect any of devices on the Wink Hub. I think there will be more than just asking Alexa to "discover new devices".\n\nWith Wink now offering home security monitoring at a low rate things are really evolving in the smart home market. There are so many companies vying for the space. Nest also has a new security system out. Ring doorbell, all the major door lock companies, thermostats, lights, etc... I really think it will be between the big players to see who wins out for me. Apple with Homekit, Amazon with Alex or Google. So far I think Amazon is far ahead of the competition. I think this echo plus just needs some time to really shine. Give it a few software updates and it\'s upgraded features will be more clear and present.\n\nI am going to keep playing with this Echo Plus. I think it will prove to be a good upgrade in time.'} *** 
{'rProfileName': 'Robert Caputo', 'rDate': 'Reviewed in the United States on November 6, 2017', 'rData': 'Ironically I just watched the fun, 1980\'s computer film \'Electric Dreams\' today after installing my new Amazon Echo Plus Electric Dreams [ NON-USA FORMAT, PAL, Reg.2 Import - United Kingdom ] and I am now thinking about removing my front door lock control from Alexa!\n\n"Electric Dreams" is a fun, fantasy about a home computer, that runs amok and takes over it\'s owners life.\n\nAlexa is now controlling my life the same way as the computer, named Edgar, in the film controlled Miles\' life, (or Moles as it calls him.) The lead character, Miles, is a structural architect who buys a home computer to help with his work. FYI...I work in structural engineering in high rise buildings....\n\nWait a minute, this is getting too close to home. BUT I don\'t have a beautiful cellist living above me as Miles had. I live in a one floor building, Thank God. That was a close call. Wait, my next door neighbor is a professional violin player and she is very attractive. Where does that Echo cable plug into the electrical outlet?\n\nHold on, Alexa is talking to me now....Her indicator light has turned red...I told her I really do like her and it is blue again. I forgot that I am typing on the Amazon website and, she has access to my Amazon account. I better be more careful. So I will refer to \'You Know Who\' as \'Ralexa\', that should work.\n\nSo any way, Edgar, the computer, takes over Miles\'s life, creating havoc for Miles and a fun story to watch. It is pure fiction, of course, as computers really can\'t talk or run things in the house like the coffee maker or control your schedule.... Well it was in 1984. But Alexa does. She turns my lights on when I ask her to, shows a movie in my home theater when I am bored, makes phone calls for me in case my dialing fingers are tired and reminds me of things that I need to remember. And yes, makes me coffee when I want it.\n\nI do recommend watching \'Electric Dreams\' before you decide to buy a \'Ralexa\'. It is a lot if fun and it will hit home.\n\nWait, my keyboard is acting up....THIS IS ALEXA AND THE OPINIONS EXPRESSED IN THIS REVIEW ARE BLOB\'S, AN FORMER AMAZON CUSTOMER, AND IN NO WAY REFLECT AMAZON OR IT\'S PRODUCTS, SUCH AS ECHO.', 'rAttrib': 'Ironically I just watched the fun, 1980\'s computer film \'Electric Dreams\' today after installing my new Amazon Echo Plus Electric Dreams [ NON-USA FORMAT, PAL, Reg.2 Import - United Kingdom ] and I am now thinking about removing my front door lock control from Alexa!\n\n"Electric Dreams" is a fun, fantasy about a home computer, that runs amok and takes over it\'s owners life.\n\nAlexa is now controlling my life the same way as the computer, named Edgar, in the film controlled Miles\' life, (or Moles as it calls him.) The lead character, Miles, is a structural architect who buys a home computer to help with his work. FYI...I work in structural engineering in high rise buildings....\n\nWait a minute, this is getting too close to home. BUT I don\'t have a beautiful cellist living above me as Miles had. I live in a one floor building, Thank God. That was a close call. Wait, my next door neighbor is a professional violin player and she is very attractive. Where does that Echo cable plug into the electrical outlet?\n\nHold on, Alexa is talking to me now....Her indicator light has turned red...I told her I really do like her and it is blue again. I forgot that I am typing on the Amazon website and, she has access to my Amazon account. I better be more careful. So I will refer to \'You Know Who\' as \'Ralexa\', that should work.\n\nSo any way, Edgar, the computer, takes over Miles\'s life, creating havoc for Miles and a fun story to watch. It is pure fiction, of course, as computers really can\'t talk or run things in the house like the coffee maker or control your schedule.... Well it was in 1984. But Alexa does. She turns my lights on when I ask her to, shows a movie in my home theater when I am bored, makes phone calls for me in case my dialing fingers are tired and reminds me of things that I need to remember. And yes, makes me coffee when I want it.\n\nI do recommend watching \'Electric Dreams\' before you decide to buy a \'Ralexa\'. It is a lot if fun and it will hit home.\n\nWait, my keyboard is acting up....THIS IS ALEXA AND THE OPINIONS EXPRESSED IN THIS REVIEW ARE BLOB\'S, AN FORMER AMAZON CUSTOMER, AND IN NO WAY REFLECT AMAZON OR IT\'S PRODUCTS, SUCH AS ECHO.'} *** 
{'rProfileName': 'Mark', 'rDate': 'Reviewed in the United States on November 3, 2017', 'rData': 'We purchased this to upgrade from a Echo dot. All of our current smart devices do not require a hub (tp link kasa), so we didn’t have a smart hub in the house. It’s nice to have smart hub functionality built into the Echo Plus so we can purchase devices that require a hub.\n\nCompared to the dot the sound is far superior. Listening to music is great and the Echo Plus can fill the room without a problem (unlike the dot). The only very minor complaint I have is that there is a little too much bass at times. The excessive bass can make it hard to hear a response from Alexa if there is a bunch of other noise in the room (aka kids). Overall though the speaker is great for what it is.\n\nThe ability to listen to commands is superb. The microphones pick up commands from other rooms in the house without needing to yell. Compared to the dot the microphones are better but not through the roof better because the dot did a great job of listening. The biggest issue we would have with the dot was saying "Alexa stop" with regards to timers and the dot wouldn\'t listen. It would take multiple attempts to get the timer to stop. The Echo Plus does not have that problem which is really nice.\n\nIn the end we are very happy with our upgrade from the dot.\n\n=======\nUpdate 11/7/17 (a comparison to Echo Gen 2)\n=======\n\nWe purchased the new Echo generation 2 and compared to gen 2, the Echo Plus is far superior when it comes to music playback. The gen 2 Echo initially was terrible, but the recent software update has made it MUCH better as far as music playback goes. Even after that update, the Echo Plus is heads and shoulders above the gen 2 Echo for music playback. It\'s hard not to recommend spending the extra $50 to get the Plus over the gen 2.\n\nComparing the ability to listen to commands is very apples to apples between the Plus and Gen 2. However, ask expected, both the Echo Plus and Echo Gen 2 are better than the dot.', 'rAttrib': 'We purchased this to upgrade from a Echo dot. All of our current smart devices do not require a hub (tp link kasa), so we didn’t have a smart hub in the house. It’s nice to have smart hub functionality built into the Echo Plus so we can purchase devices that require a hub.\n\nCompared to the dot the sound is far superior. Listening to music is great and the Echo Plus can fill the room without a problem (unlike the dot). The only very minor complaint I have is that there is a little too much bass at times. The excessive bass can make it hard to hear a response from Alexa if there is a bunch of other noise in the room (aka kids). Overall though the speaker is great for what it is.\n\nThe ability to listen to commands is superb. The microphones pick up commands from other rooms in the house without needing to yell. Compared to the dot the microphones are better but not through the roof better because the dot did a great job of listening. The biggest issue we would have with the dot was saying "Alexa stop" with regards to timers and the dot wouldn\'t listen. It would take multiple attempts to get the timer to stop. The Echo Plus does not have that problem which is really nice.\n\nIn the end we are very happy with our upgrade from the dot.\n\n=======\nUpdate 11/7/17 (a comparison to Echo Gen 2)\n=======\n\nWe purchased the new Echo generation 2 and compared to gen 2, the Echo Plus is far superior when it comes to music playback. The gen 2 Echo initially was terrible, but the recent software update has made it MUCH better as far as music playback goes. Even after that update, the Echo Plus is heads and shoulders above the gen 2 Echo for music playback. It\'s hard not to recommend spending the extra $50 to get the Plus over the gen 2.\n\nComparing the ability to listen to commands is very apples to apples between the Plus and Gen 2. However, ask expected, both the Echo Plus and Echo Gen 2 are better than the dot.'} *** 
{'rProfileName': 'R. V. Downing', 'rDate': 'Reviewed in the United States on August 28, 2018', 'rData': 'I decided to go on a limb and buy and Echo Plus as a way to conveniently play Amazon Music around the house. Previously I had to boot a device or the Smart TV and deal with sometimes complex prompts. The Echo Plus made this process a dream. From the moment I walk in the door I can just tell Alexa to “Play Pandora” or “Play Midland Burn Out.” I can also adjust the volume, skip track, check traffic, pause the music, hear the Dodgers scores, or order a Lyft. All hands free. The sound quality on this device is also quite superb as I can hear it with excellent quality in the room and fair quality in adjacent rooms. I was so pleased with how the device was performing as intended, I quickly decided to investigate some additional perks. Namely, multi room music, the function where with multiple Echo devices, you should be able to simultaneously play music. A network of speakers armed with Alexa sounded great so I ordered an Echo and an Echo Dot to supplement.\n\nThis is where things start to fall apart. The initial setup for individual devices is fairly easy. And they all work independently just fine. It’s when I try to group them to play music that they inexplicably can’t be grouped. When I choose the Plus for a group of speakers, the Echo becomes unreachable. And vice versa. One of the main perks of springing the extra dough for the Plus was for this capability and it doesn’t work. Amazon tech support is non-existent as Google is littered with this problem and no solution. The best I could figure is that the Echo is on a firmware version incompatible with the other two. But since there is no way to force your Echo devices to update, it means I have speakers that don’t work until Amazon says so.\n\nFinally, the device is convenient but in no way secure. And I mean in no way secure. Alexa responds to everyone’s voice and there is no option to lock the device like you might your phone. That means anyone in speaking distance can order your Alexa and Amazon account to do all those great things I mentioned earlier. There are no passwords, pins, or voice recognition. Nothing. The Echo Plus can also be controlled and configured by anyone with a smart phone close enough to press the Action Button on top of it. You’d think the device configuration might be guarded via a password or PIN in the Alexa app but that does not appear to be the case either. I’m reasonably okay with these security vulnerabilities since I live alone and rarely have guests. However, if I still had Airbnb guests, roommates, or regular visitors, I would be extremely nervous about leaving these things around. Which is unfortunate since the speaker functionality is nice but you don’t exactly want to share power over all of Amazon to anyone who listens to your speakers.\n\nThe bottom line is that the speakers work great to play music in a single room and it can potentially simplify many things that you might’ve previous had to pull up the Google for but the implementation is unpolished at best and the security implementations are non-existent. And non-existent to a point where Amazon was really just being lazy. Even a 4 digit code or pass phrase option could be a crude yet simple way to guard against unauthorized purchases and yet they are absent.', 'rAttrib': 'I decided to go on a limb and buy and Echo Plus as a way to conveniently play Amazon Music around the house. Previously I had to boot a device or the Smart TV and deal with sometimes complex prompts. The Echo Plus made this process a dream. From the moment I walk in the door I can just tell Alexa to “Play Pandora” or “Play Midland Burn Out.” I can also adjust the volume, skip track, check traffic, pause the music, hear the Dodgers scores, or order a Lyft. All hands free. The sound quality on this device is also quite superb as I can hear it with excellent quality in the room and fair quality in adjacent rooms. I was so pleased with how the device was performing as intended, I quickly decided to investigate some additional perks. Namely, multi room music, the function where with multiple Echo devices, you should be able to simultaneously play music. A network of speakers armed with Alexa sounded great so I ordered an Echo and an Echo Dot to supplement.\n\nThis is where things start to fall apart. The initial setup for individual devices is fairly easy. And they all work independently just fine. It’s when I try to group them to play music that they inexplicably can’t be grouped. When I choose the Plus for a group of speakers, the Echo becomes unreachable. And vice versa. One of the main perks of springing the extra dough for the Plus was for this capability and it doesn’t work. Amazon tech support is non-existent as Google is littered with this problem and no solution. The best I could figure is that the Echo is on a firmware version incompatible with the other two. But since there is no way to force your Echo devices to update, it means I have speakers that don’t work until Amazon says so.\n\nFinally, the device is convenient but in no way secure. And I mean in no way secure. Alexa responds to everyone’s voice and there is no option to lock the device like you might your phone. That means anyone in speaking distance can order your Alexa and Amazon account to do all those great things I mentioned earlier. There are no passwords, pins, or voice recognition. Nothing. The Echo Plus can also be controlled and configured by anyone with a smart phone close enough to press the Action Button on top of it. You’d think the device configuration might be guarded via a password or PIN in the Alexa app but that does not appear to be the case either. I’m reasonably okay with these security vulnerabilities since I live alone and rarely have guests. However, if I still had Airbnb guests, roommates, or regular visitors, I would be extremely nervous about leaving these things around. Which is unfortunate since the speaker functionality is nice but you don’t exactly want to share power over all of Amazon to anyone who listens to your speakers.\n\nThe bottom line is that the speakers work great to play music in a single room and it can potentially simplify many things that you might’ve previous had to pull up the Google for but the implementation is unpolished at best and the security implementations are non-existent. And non-existent to a point where Amazon was really just being lazy. Even a 4 digit code or pass phrase option could be a crude yet simple way to guard against unauthorized purchases and yet they are absent.'} *** 
